1) This quantity is proportional the reciprocal of radial distance in the interior of a torus, while it unchanging within a solenoid. An electromotive force is generated by change's in this quantity's force by Faraday's law, which opposes that change by Lenz's law. A particle with charge q and velocity v undergoes this force, the lorentz force in the absence of electric field, equal to q times v cross this quantity. The Biot-Savart law allows one to compute this quantity from current. For 10 points, name this quantity measured in teslas.

2) The father of this unit's namesake was guillotined in 1793 as part of the Jacobin purges. That name sake is better known as the inventor of the electrical telgraph and solenoid. This unit, most accurately realised via a kibble balance, is equal to a coloumb per second. For ten points, name this SI unit of electric current. 

3) The most commonly used non-shrodinger unitary operator in quantum physics generates the flow of this quantity. Symmetry of this quantitiy yields energy conservation in Nother's theorem. This quantity, which remains fixed under a Galilean transformation, is hyperbolically rotated with a similar quanity in a Lorentz boost. The product of the namesake quantities in an RC circuit gives a value named for this quantity. Entropy can be said to explain why the this quantity's namesake "arrow" points in one direction, and acceleration measures the change in velocity divided by the change in this quantity. For 10 points, name this quantity commonly measured in seconds.

4) One value of this quantity is named for Einstein, and characterizzes the rigidity of a crystal lattice. This quantity's recirocal is defined to be the partial derivative of entropy with respect to internal energy at constant particle number and volume. The efficiency of a  Carnot engine cycle depends only on this quantity of its two reservoirs. By the Stefan-Boltzman law, the radiation of a blackbody is given by 2 times pi to the fifth times boltzman's constant to the fourth divided by 15 times the speed of light squared times planks constant cubed all times this quantity to the fourth power. For perfect crystals, entropy goes to zero in the limit as this quantity goes to zero, a statement also known as the third law of thermodynamics. For 10 points, name this quantity whose SI unit is the Kelvin. 

5) Matrix elements of tensor operators in this quantity's eigenbasis are proportional to a reduced matrix element. The Runge-Lenz vector is contains a term that is the cross product of p and this vector. The conservation of this quantity is used in the most common proof of Kepler's second law, and this quantity's conservation comes by Noether's theorem from rotational invariance. For 10 points, name this quantity that has both “spin” and “orbital” types, which is conserved in the absence of external torque.

6) The annihilator method was invented by Dirac to show that this quantity’s discrete possible values are evenly spaced and start at a value of “one-half h-bar omega" for the Quantum Harmonic oscillator. Thus quantity, which is computed for a particular state by the Hamiltonian operator, has an analogue to the Heisenberg uncertainty principle where it is related to time. When photons shine on a metal, their value for this quantity must exceed the work function for the photoelectric effect to occur. This value for a photon equals Planck’s constant times frequency. For 10 points, name this quantity measured in Joules. 

7) The heaviest antiparticle ever observed was made by STAR at RHIC and is the antiparticle of a particle named for this letter. One scientist found the WKB approximation for a process name for that particle using the time dependent Schrödinger equation. It’s not fusion, but in that process, certain species penetrate the Coulomb barrier, and it occurs on the upper right of a graph comparing Z and A-minus-Z, named the “belt of stability.” One application of that process using americium-241 results in the ionization of air in smoke detectors. That process decreases the atomic number by two. For 10 points, name this letter, which names a form of radioactive decay in which namesake particles, helium nuclei, are emitted. 

8)  One method of calculating this quantity expresses it as a linear function of the effective nuclear charge over the square of the covalent radius. This quantity, which can be measured by the Allred-Rochow scale, can also be found by taking the average of the electron affinity and ionization energy in Mulliken’s scale. his property cannot be well-estimated for a single molecule from Hartree-Fock theory, given that highest occupied and lowest unoccupied molecular orbital energies are not both well-predicted by Koopmans’ theorem. This property can be calculated in part by dividing effective nuclear charge by the square of the covalent radius according to the afforementioned Allred-Rochow scale. Ortho/para groups with high total values of this quantity activate benzene for nucleophilic aromatic substitution. Measuring 4.0 for fluorine on the Pauling scale, for 10 points, name this quantity that measures the ability of an atom to attract electrons.

9) This letter denotes the axial tilt in planetary science, which by the Bayer designation, also denotes the fifth-brightest start in a constellation. The most famous use of this letter in physics is as the proportionality constant between the electric displacement field and the electric field. The vacuum version of this quantity is multiplied by the vacuum version of a similarly-named and lettered quantity to give the speed of light squared in one equaiton. That quantity is most famously related to a constant named after a man who names a law of friction that states friction is independent of relative velocity. That constant's law's namesake potential is the basis for quantum solution to the hydrogen atom, and that law can be derived from Gauss's law in Maxwell's equations, stating that electric force is proportional to the product of the charges times the inverse square of the distance between those charges. For ten points, Coloumb's constant is equal to one over 4pi times a variable represnented by this letter, used to represent a small value in real analysis, the fifth of the greek alphabet. 
